Sorry sir, but we can't take your case anymore. Why you can't do this to me. You've signed a contract
You don't be a penalty charge. Do you? My boss says he'll pay it. I won't leave
I need to see Lisa at once. She's the one in charge of my case. I know who the werewolf is
I have big findings
Congrats, but we can't take a case anymore. You need to talk to the law firms
Lisa here you are
Mike
Are you still werewolf?
These are the photos from the surveillance camera
I'm just a little blurry. I can't really tell who it is
Look the ring is limited edition. There's only ten existing in the world
If we find out who owns these rings
We can narrow it down by the culprit. What?
Brian might be the werewolf who assaulted you back in New Jersey. I take back everything I said about him
I can't believe I defended that fucking scum bag. Maybe he's just good at lying and deceiving both. It's too dangerous
You should stay home for a few days and divorce that bastard
Get far away from him
Wake up girl
He's the wolf who hurt you. Thank you, Lisa for trusting me Ryan. I wish to terminate our marriage contracts in advance
Why did I was out the one? What did you find?
Don't be so anxious. I know it's a big ask and you're really gonna owe me after this one, but
How do you plan to repay me?
Please don't. I only regard you as a friend
Sadly, I've known Brian is the werewolf. Oh, I'm so sorry. I
Almost forgot that you are married
although it's
Hard for me to restrain myself. I will mind my manners
Toast
I apologize for my negligence. You got lucky back in New Jersey, but tonight
How do you think Brian will react when he learns? I fucked his beloved
Luna
Your court in death you might be powerful, but I've got the silver blade and now you're gonna fucking die
Bring it on
You're gonna wrap this for the rest of your life
Yeah
Sadly we need to take him to a hospital don't recover soon after a few days rest
Although silver is lethal to wear wolves
Alpha is much stronger than your average werewolf. I know you saved us. It's Alpha's orders to protect you secretly
He knew you might be in danger tonight, so we rushed out to save you. I'm never seeing Alpha
So nervous about a grub before I'll leave Alpha to you and go after Dylan then
You are protecting me and I'm sorry. Aren't you you afraid of me?
You know no friends of you. I like you
I'm so sorry. Did I hear you?
I still can't believe that Dylan's the bad guy. I have to tell her about it. You should leave the case to me
I've sent people to capture Dylan. Don't get yourself implicated. It's way too dangerous. I still haven't figured out
What you were doing in New Jersey they back then our pack has been dealing with some malicious
rogue werewolves. I sent some of our pack members about a month ago. It's a patrol and we must have been caught on security cameras
You're injured now. We need to stay here. That girl doesn't seem that bad
Tomorrow's the appointed day
Finally I can cut the meat bond. It seems all need to try and accept our new Luna. Aren't you supposed to be meeting with mr.
Why are we going to the currency?
He couldn't wait a while
Brian's almost done with this medication and doesn't seem like he's recovering
Brian is way more of a gentleman than that mr. Wack
Brian should be the actual hero to you
But once I recur in this coach, I will have no connections to him
That's not nice both. I wonder why it's not reserved. I'm a text my husband. Daniel booked that table for me
So that woman must be like such a honey. He's an angel landing on earth. Let's get this over with
Oh my god, is it coming over?
I, Brian Green, alpha of the silver moon pack, reject you as my mate and Luna
Lady you should accept my rejection. Lady you should accept my rejection. I accept your rejection
I'm married you're handsome, but I can't accept you
May we never see each other again
What a pity
It's a pretty face
Let's be mentally challenged
Excuse me madam someone else has a table reserved. Would you please follow me?
Let's wait
Yes
I must be the one that saved me before
Thank you for saving me
This is your coat. I'm returning it to you. I agree to cut ties with you
From today on there will be no connections between us
I wish you
Right future
Oh shit, take it back
I'm like involved in a three-prink right now
Lisa, I know your secret
But you and Brian have it all muddled up
Let me help you
Well, this is especially prepared for you
I got some new bandages
No, no, no, it's okay
Why does it hurt?
No, I just don't
If you could feel better if you just stay with me
You know, I finally handled my private matters
We can be together for the rest of my life
Brian
I love you
I can explain
You know that I hate lies
I just wanted you to stay with me because it's too dangerous with the werewolf
Dylan has his eyes on you
I know
You're worried about me
But you're in danger if Mark thinks that
You're the little girl, you have no idea what an alpha's power has against humans
It even hurt me
You're the biggest surprise to you
Since the power of the werewolf
Right, you're my queen
But I haven't got yours, Austin
But enough energy to think about what this seems
Is breakfast for you
I'm not gonna change you
Thank you, welcome
You will come soon
You know, it's an honor to have your favor
Attorney Jesse
I'm doing this for myself
Once you get Lisa, there will be no one to compete with me and Brian
What a vicious woman
I like it
What are you doing?
What am I doing?
How do you expect me to just throw away already pray
After you've thrown yourself into my domain
You've done your job
And now it's my turn
To have a taste of your body
Before you become useless to me
Is anyone here?
I'm here for the jacket
We lost
Are you lost?
Dear Lisa
How come it's you killed Jesse?
Well, I thanked her for luring you here
I know she was picking on you
So you should thank me
You're a demon
You won't slip away this time
How come the scene is like the one back in New Jersey
Brian
No, it can't be Brian
I met the guy in person, I was overthinking
Brian
Thought I was easy to track, didn't you?
You fell for the bait
In this territory, there are hundreds of rogue wolves
I'll defeat you
And become the new alpha
Of the silver moon pack
It's just a shame
You ruined your chance to witness me having fun with Lisa
Which a buzz kill you are
But
That doesn't matter
I'll kill you
And then fuck her
Go to hell
Daniel
Take Lisa away
Please come back
No, no, I'll stay with Brian
It's dangerous here
Alpha will get distracted
He's worried
Alpha will be safe, trust me
No!
Daniel take her away
No, I'm staying with Brian
I don't care if we die together
No!
Alpha Brian
Commanded me to protect you
I can't disobey him
Come back and he must be in danger
My mission is to safeguard you
Until alpha returns home
Please come down
No!
Luna
Don't do it
I'll take you there
Alpha
Did you miss me, baby?
I must have lost it in the fight
I'm sorry, you won't
You made a mess out of yourself just to find me
Come on, let's go clean you up
I mean
Your face looks like it's painted
Okay fine, clean me up
No
But if I want that
Hey buddy
I can kind of feel your senses recovering
But it's kind unstable
But I'm sure our mate is nearby
I feel it too, how come you?
I think it's because Lisa was too great
She's like perfect
Oh, and there was a round moon last night so
Right, that's the reason
Chris, I cut the mate bond
How can I still feel her?
She playing some kind of trick on me
Jesus
What's going on?
If Lisa finds out
She's not gonna be happy
I'll ask her a mate out and reject her
The bond still isn't cut
We have to meet up again
It's not cut
Okay, we'll meet again soon
I need a hurry
I found my mister right
I love him so much
I don't want misunderstandings between us
Let's meet this afternoon
2 p.m
Deal
I was looking for you
I can't let him find this
He'll be jealous
For sure
Anyway, I'll cut the tie this afternoon
Hey, honey
I have something I have to do
This afternoon
So I won't be able to go any
It's all right
Uh uh
You know what David
Oh
Lisa
Ryan
What are you gonna meet your friend?
Where's he at?
Uh he's on his way
You weren't you meeting with Daniel to handle your business
I um
He uh
He told me to meet him here
So, I'm doing that
Should we go inside?
Has Lisa misunderstood me and deliberately sat here
He's spying on me now
Why does he sit together with me?
It's 2 p.m
She'll come soon
What if Lisa misunderstood me?
Ryan will definitely find him
Please don't fight by then
Lisa's a kind girl
She'll understand me
I better call the woman and urge her
I no longer want any connections with her
Ryan isn't that
Patty
I should hurry
And cut ties with Mr. Mark
Lisa, I need to take a phone call
Yeah, I need a bigger call too
Are you here?
Yeah, I'm sitting right here
I'll come and not see you
I misunderstood you for so long
Unexpectedly you are my me
Best gift moon goddess could give me
You know all years past
I still remember how
I'll make it up to you right now
It's not good enough
Can't forgive you that easily
I need to think of a good munch
Okay, I'll listen to you
My mother, what are you?
Good morning sweetheart
We're just calling on you too
Have breakfast
Right, that's why
Since when do we eat breakfast at 5 a.m
I'm the boss of this family
It's only been half a year since you
Took over my alpha throne
Now you're starting to belittle me
No dad, I'm not
All right
Ken, we can stop the act
Lisa sweetheart
We're just so excited to know
When are we gonna have a grand son?
Mom, it's the 21st century
That's so what?
We're werewolves
Descendants are important to us
I don't care about the human world
But werewolves
Honey
Oh, baby